Welcome to your new course section course section is about pipes and let's start with the most important
question first what are pipes pipes are a feature built into angular To which basically allows you to
transform output in your template.
This is the main purpose of a pipe.
It transforms some output.
Now there are pipes for different types of output and all for synchronous and asynchronous data.
We will have a look at this throughout the course.
The general theme is always the same though.
A basic example would be the following.
You have a user name that's a property in your component.
For example here it holds a string Max.
Now you want to output that username in your template and for this you probably use string interpellation
as you learned throughout the course.
Now that's all right but then you decide it would be nice if the output which has max.
If you do it like this would be all uppercase but only when you output it.
So you don't want to change the property itself to uppercase because imagine you use that for your code
and it should still be well as you assigned it up there.
But you want to transform the way it is displayed.
Once you render it to the screen.
Now for this you could use a pipe namely the uppercase pipe.
This actually would be a built in pipe and we will have a look at the built in pipes in a second.
Now with that built in pipe in you as you would now see Max all uppercase being presented to the screen
because this is what this pipe does.
It transforms the value.
Now that is the main purpose of pipes transforming values.
Let's dive into them a bit more.
Let's view some of the built in pipes and then let's also build our old pipes.
Let's go